predict('Earth, our home, is a vibrant oasis of life in the cosmos. From its diverse landscapes to its rich ecosystems, it sustains us all. Yet, it faces threats like climate change and pollution. Together, we must protect and preserve this precious planet for future generations.')
predict('Hello, it works!')
predict('I woke up to the smell of smoke in my nose, and my mother yelling, “Get up, get your brother, and get out! The house is on fire! So I did. I snatched my brother out of the bed, drug him out of the room before he could even wake up, and helped my mom grab my sisters out of bed. My room was right beside my moms, so as I came out of my room, I noted that the smoke was coming from her room.')
predict('Sarah Brown is an active participant in community websites like Stack Overflow, where she seeks assistance and discusses various technical problems. However, Sarah has encountered a growing issue where some responses onthese platforms appear to be generated by AI bots rather than genuine human input. This presents a challenge for Sarah, as she values authentic and original solutions from human contributors who have put in genuine effort to understand and address her queries. The prevalence of AI-generated responses undermines the integrity of these community platforms, eroding trust and hindering Sarahs ability to find reliable assistance for her technical inquiries')

predict('THOUGH it was nearly midnight when Andrew reachedBryngower, he found Joe Morgan waiting for him, walking upand down with short steps between the closed surgery andthe entrance to the house. At the sight of him the burly driller’sface expressed relief.Eh, Doctor, I’m glad to see you. I been back and forwardhere this last hour. The missus wants ye —before time, too.” Andrew, abruptly recalled from the contemplation of his ownaffairs, told Morgan to wait. He went into the house for his bag,then together they set out for Number 12 Blaina Terrace. Thenight air was cool and deep with quiet mystery. Usually soperceptive, Andrew now felt dull and listless. He had nopremonition that this night call would prove unusual, still lessthat it would influence his whole future in Blaenelly.The two men walked in silence until they reached the doorof Number 12, then Joe drew up short.“I’ll not come in,” he said, and his voice showed signs ofstrain. “But, man, I know ye’ll do well for us.')

predict('PM Modi Dwarka Expressway Inauguration: As part of mega infra push, Prime Minister Narendra Modi inaugurated the Gurugram section of the Dwarka Expressway on Monday. The engineering marvel, which is India’s first elevated Highway, witnessed the launch of 19-km stretch in Gurugram. Haryana Chief Minister Manohar Lal Khattar and Road Transport & Highways Minister Nitin Gadkari were also present at the event. The Gurugram stretch has eight lanes, four on each side. This is the first highway in India that has been constructed on a single pier.There are several interesting features of this speedway. According to the officials, Dwarka Expressway has a direct link to the Terminal 3 of the Indira Gandhi International Airport. The last 500-metre link of the 2.3 km tunnel, which is closest to the IGI Airport, has been made explosion-proof. The Haryana segment of the Dwarka Expressway has been constructed at an approximate cost of Rs 4,100 crore. It comprises two sections: a 10.2 km stretch from Delhi-Haryana Border to Basai Rail-over-Bridge (ROB) and an 8.7 km segment from Basai ROB to Kherki Daula. This expressway will facilitate direct connectivity to the IGI Airport in Delhi and the Gurugram Bypass.')
